This project was created as part of a software engineering group project. Implementing a sample of your code was optional, but I figured it would help better show what our idea was. UTD's parking lots are categorized by green, gold, orange, purple, and pay-by-space spots. After doing some general research, I assigned unique capaciities to each parking lot regarding
how many of each type of spot was available in a specified lot. You'll see that the database has a very large number of switch cases for each parking lot which appears quite inefficient. This project was created during finals week and thus refinements were not my priority, functionality was. Were I to reimplement this project in the future, I'd choose to have a 2D 
array with 2 columns, the 1st column indicating which parking lot is selected, and the 2nd column having an array of max parking spot capacities of that lot. This entirely removes the need for switch cases and would be significantly more efficient. 

Moving on from that, this program allows users to access the lot data of a specific parking lot (adding a new entry for every time this is done), or converting a SQl table's data into a CSV file using the pandas framework for usage in other software like Matlab (also adds a new entry into the table). This concludes the general functionality of this program.

For further context of what part this played in the software engineering project: this class was centered entirely around working in a group and simulating you and your team planning on the implementation of a project of your choice. Software process models, use-case diagrams, sequence diagrams and more were used in this planning process. In the 2nd half of the
semester, you had the option of creating a simulation of parts of your project for extra credit. Me and one other group member split the work, with me handling the implementation of the database and including a CSV file converter for my teammate's usage in conducting statistics via Matlab. The data was of course generated randomly as we didn't have the resources
to get real data, so the randomization was my way of creating placeholder data. Generated data for a lot would have a time/date, total lot capacity, and then max capacity for every type of parking spot. 

Usage: You may run the CSV converter on the pre-populated Lot A, B, or C, or you may choose to populate a lot of your choice and then generate a CSV file from it. Instructions are made rather clear within the program itself. You must have the pandas framework in order for the program to properly function.
